# Pokedex - Daniel Imal

I think that all the required functionality was completed. I added a little CSS to improve the layout, but I'm not a designer, so that's the best I could come up with. I also added a quick and dirty autocomplete using a `<datalist>`, so the user doesn't need to remember every single Pokemon name exactly. Some things to note:

- I would probably normally implement navigating to items in the search history a bit differently, but I didn't want to break out of the rules of the exercise. Instead of implementing each item as a button that updates the Redux store, a better implementation would be for each Pokemon detail page to live at a route like `/pokemon/bulbasaur`, then simply link to that.
- I noticed that RTKQuery is still hitting the API whenever you go back to an earlier item in history, even though it's using the same cache key. I spent a little while looking into that, but wasn't able to sort it out in a reasonable amount of time. (FYI, this is the first time I used RTKQuery instead of rolling my own logic. I tried it specifically because I thought it would be nice to have automatic caching. Maybe I'm reading the docs wrong 🤷‍♂️?)
- I also noticed that the `getAll` service seems to sometimes be polling for updates even though I don't think I have it configured to do that. Clearly, I'd spend some more time reading the docs before putting something like this into prod, so I understand exactly how this cache is working.
- I disabled the `exhaustive-deps` linting on one line. I've always been on the fence about this lint rule. If I left it in and added `getAll` to the dependency array, the `getAll` query would fire a lot more than it should, because `getAll` seems to be created anew on each render. But then I wonder why RTKQuery doesn't give me a stable reference to `getAll` by default. So, this is something else I'd probably dig into a bit more, too, to find a cleaner solution.
